Document subctl benchmark backend tools in use (#309)
submariner-io/submariner-website: src/content/deployment/subctl/_index.en.md

`subctl benchmark throughput <kubeconfig1> [<kubeconfig2>] [flags]`

The `benchmark throughput` command runs a throughput benchmark test between two specified clusters or within a single cluster.

> The command will use *iperf* for the backend and will log the tool output to the console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It deploys a Pod to run the [iperf](https://iperf.fr/) tool and logs the output to the console.
```

`subctl benchmark latency <kubeconfig1> [<kubeconfig2>] [flags]`

The `benchmark latency` command runs a latency benchmark test between two specified clusters or within a single cluster.

> The command will use *netperf* for the backend and will log the tool output to the console.

Reviewer: Not sure of the proper link to netperf.

```suggestion
It deploys a Pod to run the [netperf](https://hewlettpackard.github.io/netperf/doc/netperf.html) and logs the output to the console.
```
